Break out log processor types (#33476)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/processors/service_remapper.md

---
title: Service Remapper
description: "Assign one or more attributes as the official service"
processor_type: service-remapper
further_reading:
- link: "/logs/log_configuration/pipelines"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Discover Datadog Pipelines"
---

## Overview

The service remapper processor assigns one or more attributes to your logs as the official service.

**Note**: If multiple service remapper processors are applied to a given log within the pipeline, only the first one (according to the pipeline's order) is taken into account.

## Use cases

The Service Remapper is typically used to:
- Select another attribute as the service to be used for the log event, if it doesn't match the default service attribute. For example, logs coming from Microsoft 365 use `Workload` as the service attribute. You can use a Service Remapper to set that attribute as the service.

> - Select an attribute after a grok parser. For example, Bitdefender logs contain the service in the message attribute that first needs to be parsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select an attribute after grok parsing. For example, Bitdefender logs contain the service in the message attribute that first needs to be parsed.
```

Reviewer: Just noting this formulation again as a suggestion
